README.md, before:

# Creating a Flutter Semi-Doughnut Chart for Visualizing Carbon Emissions per Kilometer Travelled

This repository contains a sample to create a flutter semi-doughnut chart for visualizing carbon emissions per kilometer travelled using [Syncfusion Flutter Circular Chart](https://help.syncfusion.com/flutter/circular-charts/chart-types/doughnut-chart) widget.

## Syncfusion widgets:

This project used the following Syncfusion widget(s):
* [SfCircularChart](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets/flutter-charts/chart-types/doughnut-chart)

## Supported platforms

Refer to the following link to know about the supported platform - [Platforms](https://help.syncfusion.com/flutter/system-requirements#supported-platforms)

## Requirements to run the sample

Refer to the following link to know about system requirements - [System Requirements](https://help.syncfusion.com/flutter/system-requirements)

## How to run the sample

1. Clone the sample and open it in preferred IDE.

   *Note: If you download the sample using the "Download ZIP" option, right-click it, select Properties, and then select Unblock.*

2. Run the application.

## License

Syncfusion has no liability for any damage or consequence that may arise by using or viewing the samples. The samples are for demonstrative purposes, and if you choose to use or access the samples, you agree to not hold Syncfusion liable, in any form, for any damage that is related to use, for accessing, or viewing the samples. By accessing, viewing, or seeing the samples, you acknowledge and agree Syncfusion’s samples will not allow you seek injunctive relief in any form for any claim related to the sample. If you do not agree to this, do not view, access, utilize, or otherwise do anything with Syncfusion’s samples.

Commit message:

FLUT-911026-[others][flutter]: Updated readme file with blog link

README.md, after:

# Creating a Flutter Semi-Doughnut Chart for Visualizing Carbon Emissions per Kilometer Travelled

This repository contains a sample to create a flutter semi-doughnut chart for visualizing carbon emissions per kilometer travelled using [Syncfusion Flutter Circular Chart](https://help.syncfusion.com/flutter/circular-charts/chart-types/doughnut-chart) widget.

Please refer to the blog through this [flutter-semi-doughnut-chart-transport-emissions](https://www.syncfusion.com/blogs/post/flutter-semi-doughnut-chart-emissions).

## Syncfusion widgets:

This project used the following Syncfusion widget(s):
* [SfCircularChart](https://www.syncfusion.com/flutter-widgets/flutter-charts/chart-types/doughnut-chart)

## Supported platforms

Refer to the following link to know about the supported platform - [Platforms](https://help.syncfusion.com/flutter/system-requirements#supported-platforms)

## Requirements to run the sample

Refer to the following link to know about system requirements - [System Requirements](https://help.syncfusion.com/flutter/system-requirements)

## How to run the sample

1. Clone the sample and open it in preferred IDE.

   *Note: If you download the sample using the "Download ZIP" option, right-click it, select Properties, and then select Unblock.*

2. Run the application.

## License

Syncfusion has no liability for any damage or consequence that may arise by using or viewing the samples. The samples are for demonstrative purposes, and if you choose to use or access the samples, you agree to not hold Syncfusion liable, in any form, for any damage that is related to use, for accessing, or viewing the samples. By accessing, viewing, or seeing the samples, you acknowledge and agree Syncfusion’s samples will not allow you seek injunctive relief in any form for any claim related to the sample. If you do not agree to this, do not view, access, utilize, or otherwise do anything with Syncfusion’s samples.
